[Music]
now what occurrence would you call it
a one-in-a-million chance a
one-in-a-lifetime moment yeah that's
child's play what about something that
happened only once or twice in history
that's a challenge worthy of a true
wonder seeker so check out my list one
the Mississippi running backward
starting with something not quite as
rare as you might think let's examine
one of the most famous rivers in the US
this fame comes from the sheer size and
power of the mighty Mississippi
it goes through ten states and more than
900,000 gallons of water pass through it
every second
rivers can't naturally turn back at all
well it looks like they can and even the
Mississippi River has been spotted
running backward not once but three
times the first time it happened in 1812
the river Stood Still and then went
backward because of a so called floovio
tsunami which originated from an
earthquake nearby the other two times
were relatively recent in 2005 and 2012
the Mississippi turned its flow back
because of monstrous hurricanes the
second one caused by Hurricane Isaac
made it go backward for 24 hours at an
even faster pace as usual number two
catching a real-life kraken once a
horror from ancient myths and legends
this colossal creature is no longer part
of a dream world but a fact
some time ago even its lesser sibling
the giant squid was nothing more than
just a tail you'd hear about from an old
sailor or fisherman but since more and
more giant sized beaks were found in the
stomach's of sperm whales known to fight
and eat these huge creatures scientists
consider giant and colossal squids to be
a real deal yet until 2007 there was no
other evidence of their existence except
beaks on February 22nd 2007 fishermen on
the San aspiring ship became the first
and only one that capture a
thousand-pound squid alive they were
able to catch the sea monster in debts
and freeze it for further study funny
thing is that this colossal squid
appeared to be a small one even at 15
feet total length the beaks that were
found before were much larger than its
beak so we can assume for sure
that the mythical Kraken is out there
somewhere in the deep oh let's go on a
cruise number three going to the borders
of the solar system and beyond Voyager 1
and Voyager 2 are two of the greatest
achievements in any space programs ever
conducted on the earth both of these
spacecraft are research vessels aimed at
going as far out in our solar system as
they can far out and the results are
stunning Voyager 1 is the first space
probe to go beyond the borders of our
sun's magnetic field and gravity pull
and the following one Voyager 2 was the
first to pass by the farthest planets we
know to exist in our proximity the ice
giants Uranus and Neptune Voyager 2
discovered eleven moons around Uranus
that were never seen before it also took
a close look at its rings and the higher
layers of its atmosphere three years
later in 1989 it also found rings and
six new moons around Neptune
now the probe is in interstellar space
and its mission is finally accomplished
we'll keep receiving weak radio signals
from Voyager 2 until 2020 and
then it'll fly towards other stars on
its own number for River piracy now
stealing is bad enough as it is but
stealing a whole river with all of its
water which is crucial for the
environment well that's some
supervillain level of crime here good
thing it happened only once for as long
as humanity can't remember and it wasn't
actually an intentional action instead
it was the result of the kaskell which
glacier in canada melting opening a way
for water to go in a course from the
slims River to the flow of the al sac
River it took only four days in 2016 for
the slims River to almost completely dry
out because of this event which is
certainly one of the rarest occurrences
ever five the WoW signal let's face it
if there's one unique event we'd all
want a witness it's to meet some real
aliens unfortunately we're as far from
this moment as ever we still haven't
found any tangible proof of their
existence except for one single moment
in our history on August 15 1977
astronomer Jerry Elmen was going through
his normal routine at the Big Ear radio
telescope at Ohio State University but
then he caught a strange radio sequence
in a usually unintelligible of all of
radio noise but this signal was 72
seconds long and powerful it provided no
information and scientists couldn't
decode anything but the source of the
signal was never figured out one thing
is for sure it has no natural
explanation nor can it be explained as
part of human interaction or a
malfunction of a radio telescope this is
the only probable clue we ever got that
points to the existence of
extraterrestrial civilizations
all right I'm scared number 6
Tunguska meteorite explosion meteorites
didn't just fall to the earth once or
twice we all know how it went with the
dinosaurs I guess
but this one is really special because
it happened not so long ago and in close
range to human settlements on June 30th
1908 in Russia's Central Siberia an
object went through the atmosphere of
the planet and then exploded right over
the tops of the trees the echo was heard
over 500 miles away from the explosion
itself which wiped out more than 800
square miles of the forest strangely
enough there was no crater and no other
major destruction caused by this event
it left scientists scratching their
heads over the question of what this
meteor really was 7 Niagara Falls
dried out the crown of American Falls
may well be a symbol of reliance other
nearby waterfalls go frozen or dry
regularly but finding one day that
Niagara Falls itself was gone was
probably the scariest event in someone's
life no wonder this image gave birth to
quite a few superstitions and prophecies
about the end of the world happening in
the near future
it happened in 1848 when a particularly
powerful ice cold wind led to a buildup
of snow and ice up the river from
Niagara Falls this eventually led to the
formation of a huge ice dam that blocked
the water entirely for a little more
than a day and left the riverbed dry in
1964 an ice boom was installed in Lake
Erie to prevent something like that from
happening again so we can be sure that
this was the one and only time Niagara
Falls would ever dry out number 8 the
Carrington event
Aurora's also called Northern Lights are
a miracle specific to only the northern
regions of the world except on the first
day of September 1859 that day Aurora's
of all shapes sizes and colors filled
the sky in half of the world going as
far south as Jamaica Hawaii and Cuba the
first to witness it and theorized about
why this happened was astronomer Richard
Carrington he was inspecting sunspots on
the surface of the Sun
and notice two big spots that produced
an immense like he suggested that those
spots were the reason why the Aurora's
were so intense and he was right this
event was a super solar flare one of the
rarest occurrences in our relationship
with the Sun and that scarcity is good
for us maybe it didn't do much damage
back in the 19th century but today a
similar flare would damage a lot of
electronic equipment
let's hope we'll be ready for the next
one and we'll just enjoy the view 9
observing the rarest thing possible
everything else will be more frequently
occurring on this one because I'm
talking about the recorded moment of the
radioactive decay of the most stable
element in the universe xenon 124 the
sturdiest tiny brick in the fabric of
reality it takes more time for an atom
of xenon 124 to fall apart then has
passed since the Big Bang a trillion
times more to be fair xenon is so stable
that it won't react with any other
element and it'll ignore almost any kind
of radiation
it's the perfect candidate to make a
unique sensor to find an entirely
different mystery of reality
the elusive dark matter what else would
you use to find a form of matter that
won't react with anything if not the
most inert and stable element in the
world but instead of dark matter they
saw the very process of xenon 124's
decay maybe it's not the result
scientists were looking for but at least
their sensors won't fail them ever again
I think we'd all like to decay a little
slower don't you think now if you
learned something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life